would you invite someone you met on
Craigslist to a party at your house
let's just say the assumptions are
generally not that great so why are we
throwing a party entirely made up of
strangers we met on the Internet
well first of all because we think it's
probably gonna be pretty damn fun and
second of all to hopefully prove
everyone wrong here's the plan a first
step was to put up an ad for the party
on Craigslist step two was to set up
online dating profiles to serve as
invitations that'll hopefully grab
people's attention for either about the
throw one of the greatest parties we've
ever thrown or potentially get robbed
let's give this a shot I am going
Craigslist we do events this is seeking
a man that truly wants something real
are you looking for something real you
okay so what do I say my friends and I
are throwing a party
we're only inviting strangers we meet on
Craigslist no don't worry this is not a
kidnap or that's probably not a great
thing to say it's kind of like doing it
through Craigslist like crazy so weird
and sketchy throwing a party for
spontaneous strangers I'm actually
extremely curious to see if anybody
answers this seems like we have no
friends hey we have no friends wanna be
our friend we're making the signs for
our online dating profiles and Gracie
has the best handwriting out of all of
us so she's taking care of it wait who's
Gracie
drumrolls what
that's why she's my girlfriend
[Music]
alright stirred up and ready to make our
dating profiles the freshest in the
market there we go that's a cutie yes
work it work it when you're screaming
this is the only way we're gonna get
guests
Matt and I are for sure not getting
anywhere all night letting this happen
Ammar wingman's us and we sign up his
girlfriend to tinder fair deal with a
crazy idea my best friend's to invite a
group of people we meet on tinder and
Bumble so I swipe right yeah i sweaty
over 20,000 girls of 4 videos ok the
swiping begin so we have our first
response off of Craigslist said hey Matt
Rome here I love to attend your party as
soon as he said numbers in landline hi
bro yeah hey this is Matt not too much
do you know you did yeah for sure
is this your cell phone or is this your
home phone okay you sound awesome that
guy is like I'm a cool guy
I'm just cool guy hey I'm a nice guy he
does a great first person excited to
meet all these people and be like why
the hell were you on Craigslist looking
at things to do with strangers hopefully
not before I am thrown in a basement and
slaughtered
is this like a swingers thing haha I've
been shooting the same message to
everybody already got a response to his
girl Nicole she said okay cool sounds
fun I'll bring a long friend smiley face
that's my face that when you know it's
real
oh calling the second dude from
Craigslist hello good how about yourself
thank you for one for trusting us this
is such a crazy thing to do in
Craigslist
yeah you sound incredible you sound so
fun it's gonna be such a mix of people
day four of trying to find strangers on
the Internet hope you like a cool way
for all of us to connect to feel like
there should be something happening too
right is it just food or would you
really plan this part what if you get a
bounce castle back here largest one
savanah together well if you set up like
a bonfire and just like pretty much had
a campout with marshmallows and guitar
now that idea doing a camp camp out in
the backyard
yeah those do idea everyone just wanted
their own ideas I was wondering if it'd
be possible to rent a bouncy castle for
tomorrow bigger with this slide ideally
if possible it's actually adults
anywhere from 18 to 35 you know it's
funny about this party that she's
inviting it much a single dude and we're
inviting a bunch of single girls we're
basically just creating like matchmaking
for elections really like we took people
from different corners of these dating
apps and we're gonna put them in a
bouncy castle and okay so we're gonna
organize the final guest list Rome and D
free Craigslist from tinder plus 1 plus
2 plus dog
um Jack from bumble huh looking like a
lot of dudes give me step this game up a
little bit cool like stuff from Omelas
to terms I turned on tinder for both men
and women and I got one match was a dude
just confirmed two and he's bringing a
plus-one i it's the day of the events we
have about 12 hours before all the
guests arrive less 10 hours and we're
starting the day at the farmers market
where we partner with sweet cream
they're gonna help us make a custom yes
theory Sounders and get some ideas for a
dish for tonight's dinner
that's just carrots man it's also good
organic local carrots for our special
internet friend guests so we are done
shopping at the farmers market lovely
ladies are gonna go back to sweet greed
and set everything up and then we're
gonna meet them again at 3 o'clock and
cook all this together so the guys are
out getting some other party essentials
and the bouncy house arrived a little
sooner than expected
hi we're going with just a backyard
[Music]
it's getting hard to work back here
that's shenanigans in front
[Music]
this beautiful smallest yard as this
bouncers other than it
so pro right now so much food this is
amazing I'm gonna eat this whole bucket
[Music]
we are literally know about in
preparation Kayla and I'm coming in
[Music]
don't like alright it is currently 724
we told people to come at 7:15
there's nobody here yet we literally
have never seen any of these people face
to face what have we done this is the
last footage seen of me mom I love you
is this our first guest how's it going
hi number 2 is arrived
my gosh bounce again
poor Gus I'm just rolling in hot sauce
I'm Hilary nice to meet you this is
turning out to be a great success
[Music]
Craigslist because I really miss having
friends making friends but you got
someone who really wants to meet you
good this is like the coolest thing ever
everyone is so kind interested and
interest changes spontaneous like good
vibes
so we'll just happen to tell us that his
last name is Smith I'm gonna put him
with our other friend wills this is your
bike
friendships starting here no that's my
home it's literally all girls again yeah
there is not a lot busier girls are a
lot more daring which is so surprising
for such a like a request a lot of you
might not have context for what's going
on right now first introduce ourselves
our name is yes theory and we do a lot
of adventures with spontaneous stream
one of the things that we believe very
firmly in the fact that a stranger is
just a friend that you have met tonight
is the testimony for this because every
single one of you came from either
Craigslist Bumble or didn't want some
sort of harm for you so you got creepy
or they just want to kidnap you or kill
you and tonight tonight we wanted to
challenge that thank you all for saying
yes thank you for coming let's invite
everyone inside
[Applause]
[Music]
was your mindset coming to rob me I
can't think I'm weird but then as soon
as I walk through those doors everybody
this guy
[Music]
[Applause]
that was the most skeptical about
Craigslist people rome went to harvard
for his grad school did his undergrad at
UCLA out of his grad school in harvard
can I say something
I'm the only one who believed in Rome
sure throwing a party at our house for
strangers we had never met at first
sounded like one of the most
irresponsible things we could do until
the guests walk through our door and
started introducing themselves what this
showed us is that we only fear what we
don't know and we often judge what we
fear as evil but in the process of
rationalizing our fears and pushing
against them we discover that some of
the best experiences in life are the
ones on the other side of fear thank you
to sweet green for helping us create a
memorable experience for our guests
check them out on Instagram and make
sure you try their phenomenal salads if
you're ever near a sweet brain I'll see
you on Thursday
[Applause]
[Music]